Update docs for smoke tests (#1280)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: test/smoke/docs/run-locally.md

   export YOUR_VARIABLE=VALUE
   ```

> In the directory `test/smoke` there is a `config.json` configuration file with pre-settings for evironment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the directory `test/smoke/package` there is a `config.json` configuration file with predefined settings for environment variables.
```
